I will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them. -1 Nephi 3:7
My best successes came on the heels of failures. -Barbara Corcoran
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. -Maya Angelou
May you live all the days of your life. -Jonathan Swift
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. -J.M. Barrie
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Energy and persistence conquer all things. -Benjamin Franklin
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them. -Jesus Christ
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -Andy Warhol
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says, "I'm possible!" -Audrey Hepburn
The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead. -Bette Davis
Beware of monotony; it's the mother of all the deadly sins. -Edith Wharton
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. -Vince Lombardi
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Men lose all the material things they leave behind them in this world, but they carry with them the reward of their charity and the alms they give. For these, they will receive from the Lord the reward and recompense they deserve. -Francis of Assisi
Always remember that you are absolutely unique, just like everyone else. -Margaret Mead
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. -Julie Andrews
It's not just about being better. It's about being different. You need to give people a reason to choose your business. -Tom Abbott
Action is the foundational key to all success. -Pablo Picasso
An unexamined life is not worth living. -Socrates
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -Aristotle
You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame. -Erica Jong
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. -Lucille Ball
Life is trying things to see if they work. -Ray Bradbury
Influence ought to be maintained by persuasion, by long-suffering, by gentleness and meekness, by love unfeigned, by kindness, and pure knowledge. -See D&C 121:41-42
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. -Gloria Steinem
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. -Napoleon Hill
It is your determination and persistence that will make you a successful person. -Kenneth J Hutchins
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
Leadership is a series of behaviors rather than a role for heroes. -Margaret Wheatley
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. -Confucius
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. -Anne Frank
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. -Anne Frank
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman--not the attitude of the prospect. -W. Clement Stone
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller
The way to achieve your own success is to be willing to help somebody else get it first. -Iyanla Vanzant
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word--excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it. -Pearl Buck
The act of doing something un-does the fear. -Shonda Rhimes
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. -Vince Lombardi
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. -Benjamin Franklin
Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new. -Brian Tracy
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. -Thomas J. Watson
Don't ask if your dream is crazy, ask if it's crazy enough. -Lena Waithe
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. -Herman Melville
We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. -Marie Curie
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. -Vidal Sassoon
Everyone lives by selling something. -Robert Louis Stevenson
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale. -Hans Christian Andersen
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. -Winston S. Churchill
Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life. -John Wooden
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. -Albert Einstein
B is for believe--in yourself, in those around you, and in eternal principles. -Thomas S. Monson
I didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it. -Estée Lauder
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. -Joshua J. Marine
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. -John Wooden
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time. -Steve Jobs
Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life. -Mary Kay Ash
Love the life you live. Live the life you love. -Bob Marley
If you are not taking care of your customer, your competitor will. -Bob Hooey
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure. -George Eliot
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit. -Conrad Hilton
People always tell you "Be humble. Be humble." When was the last time someone told you to be amazing? Be great! Be awesome! Be awesome! -Kanye West
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing. -Abraham Lincoln
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon
What manner of men ought ye to be? Verily I say unto you, even as I am. -Jesus Christ
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
Destiny is a name often given in retrospect to choices that had dramatic consequences. -J. K. Rowling
Wherefore, be not weary in well-doing, for ye are laying the foundation of a great work. And out of small things proceedeth that which is great. -See D&C 64:33
I never dreamed about success, I worked for it. -Estee Lauder
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. -Anais Nin
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily. -Zig Ziglar
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -James Cameron
Do all the good you can. By all the means you can. In all the ways you can. In all the places you can. At all the times you can. To all the people you can. As long as ever you can. -John Wesley
I failed my way to success. -Thomas Edison
People think at the end of the day that a man is the only answer [to fulfillment]. Actually a job is better for me. -Diana, Princess of Wales
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. -Oprah Winfrey
A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go, but ought to be. -Rosalynn Carter
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow." -Mary Ann Radmarcher
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. -John D. Rockefeller
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. -David Brinkley
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. -Marilyn Monroe
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. -Ayn Rand
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. -Florence Nightingale
If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then, you are an excellent leader. -Dolly Parton
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. -Albert Einstein
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember--the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you. -Zig Ziglar
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. -Beverly Sills
Dreams and reality are opposites. Action synthesizes them. -Assata Shakur
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
The golden rule for every businessman is this: Put yourself in your customer's place. -Orison Swett Marden
Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be. -Elizabeth Gilbert
I decided I can't pay a person to rewind time, so I may as well get over it. -Serena Williams
Courage is required to make an initial thrust toward one's coveted goal, but even greater courage is called for when one stumbles and must make a second effort to achieve. Have the determination to make the effort, the single-mindedness to work toward a worthy goal, and the courage not only to face the challenges that inevitably come but also to make a second effort, should such be required. -Thomas S. Monson
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. -Charles Swindoll
Hire character. Train skill. -Peter Schutz
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job and not be paid for it. -Oprah Winfrey
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. They are frank in admitting this and are willing to pay for such talents. -Antos Parrish
Champions keep playing until they get it right. -Billie Jean King
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. -Tony Robbins
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. -Robert Frost
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. -Babe Ruth
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. -Vincent van Gogh
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -Theodore Roosevelt
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. -Dalai Lama
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved. -D. H. Lawrence
Dream big and dare to fail. -Norman Vaughan
You become what you believe. -Oprah Winfrey
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far. -Gary Vaynerchuk
Life is a long lesson in humility. -James M. Barrie
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. -John D. Rockefeller Jr.
Finally I was able to see that if I had a contribution I wanted to make, I must do it, despite what others said. That I was OK the way I was. That it was all right to be strong. -Wangari Maathai
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. -Charles Dickens
Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not. -Oscar Wilde
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. -Napoleon Hill
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil. -J. Paul Getty
First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. -Aristotle
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it. -Maya Angelou
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. -Mother Teresa
Done is better than perfect. -Sheryl Sandberg
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. -Amelia Earhart
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. -Ayn Rand
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it's holy ground. There's no greater investment. -Stephen Covey
Without a customer, you don't have a business--all you have is a hobby. -Don Peppers
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. -Mae West
To be most effective in sales today, it's imperative to drop your "sales" mentality and start working with your prospects as if they've already hired you. -Jill Konrath
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Grit is that "extra something" that separates the most successful people from the rest. It's the passion, perseverance, and stamina that we must channel in order to stick with our dreams until they become a reality. -Travis Bradberry
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on. -Sheryl Sandberg
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. -Alexander Graham Bell
I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. -Benjamin Franklin
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. -Henry Ford
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -Helen Keller
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. -George Addair
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. -Confucius
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way. -Abraham Lincoln
The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere. -Barack Obama
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient. -Gurbaksh Chahal
Working hard for something we don't care about is called stressed; working hard for something we love is called passion. -Simon Sinek
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better. -Jim Rohn
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. -Robert Kiyosaki
You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them. -Shonda Rhimes
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. -Les Brown
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. -Jim Rohn
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
Judge not, that ye be not judged. For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again. -Jesus Christ
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. -Tony Robbins
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. -Colin R. Davis
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. -Dale Carnegie
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. -Og Mandino
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. -Thomas Jefferson
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. -Rosa Parks
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right. -Henry Ford
How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable? -Seth Godin
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. -Henry David Thoreau
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. -Mother Teresa
The way to right wrongs is to turn the light of truth upon them. -Ida B. Wells
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -Abraham Lincoln
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So, throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover. -Mark Twain
